Add release notes for Basechain build 1346 (#379)
loomnetwork/loom-sdk-documentation: docs/en/basechain-release-notes.md

Reverse chronology order of release notes.

## Pre-Basechain Build 1346 Hard Fork - 2019/11/26

**Breaking changes:**

> - The `eth_getTransactionCount` and eth_call Web3 JSON-RPC methods on the `/eth` endpoint now expect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `eth_getTransactionCount`  method and eth_call Web3 JSON-RPC methods on the `/eth` endpoint now expect
```

> - The `eth_getTransactionCount` and eth_call Web3 JSON-RPC methods on the `/eth` endpoint now expect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `eth_getTransactionCount` and `eth_call` Web3 JSON-RPC methods on the `/eth` endpoint now expect
```

  the input address to be an Ethereum account, not a Loom account.

> - `eth_getLogs` and any other Web3 JSON-RPC methods that query a range of blocks will now only allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `eth_getLogs` and any other Web3 JSON-RPC methods that query a range of blocks will now only allow
```

  querying up to 20 blocks per request on public Extdev nodes.

**New features:**

> - A node will now panic when it’s started using a jump-start that requires a newer build than the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A node will now panic when it’s started using a jump-start that requires a newer build than the node is currently running. Once you upgrade the binary, you can simply restart the node without restoring the working directory from the jump-start. This requires a jump-start that’s created after the `chaincfg:v1.4` feature flag is enabled, which means it will only work with future jump-starts (the first of which will be available a few days after this release).
```

Author: Can't see what changed, ignoring

>   node is currently running, once the build is upgraded the node can simply be restarted without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 node is currently running. Once you upgrade the binary, you can simply restart the node without
```

>   restoring the working directory from the jump-start. This requires a jump-start that’s created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restoring the working directory from the jump-start. This requires a jump-start that’s created
```

>   after the `chaincfg:v1.4` feature flag is enabled, which means it will only work with future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the `chaincfg:v1.4` feature flag is enabled, which means it will only work with future
```

>   jump-starts (the first of which will be available a few days after this release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jump-starts (the first of which will be available a few days after this release).
```

- The `eth_sendRawTransaction` JSON-RPC method on the `/eth` endpoint now works similarly to the way
  one would expect it to work on an Ethereum node. Note that an account mapping between the Ethereum

>   account that’s used to sign the Ethereum tx and an Extdev account must exist before `eth_sendRawTransaction`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  account that’s used to sign the Ethereum tx and a Loom account must exist before `eth_sendRawTransaction`
```

Author: `Loom` -> `Basechain`

Reviewer: > `Loom` -> `Basechain`

I suggested Loom because this applies to both Basechain and Extdev. But maybe Basechain is better.

>   will accept the Ethereum tx. This feature will be enabled via the tx:eth feature flag, and should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will accept the Ethereum tx. This feature will be enabled via the `tx:eth` feature flag, and should
```

  unlock the ability to use any Web3 JSON-RPC compatible library to call & deploy EVM contracts via
  the `/eth` endpoint.

> - Logs returned by `eth_getLogs`, `eth_getTransactionReceipt`, and Web3 subscriptions now contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The logs returned by `eth_getLogs`, `eth_getTransactionReceipt`, and Web3 subscriptions now contain
```

  a `BlockTime` field. This is a Loom-specific extension of the Web3 JSON-RPC interface.

> - A new `AppStore.PruneEvmKeysInterval` setting has been added to the on-chain config, this will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new `AppStore.PruneEvmKeysInterval` setting has been added to the on-chain config. This will be
```

  used to tweak the pruning of ancient data.
- Withdrawing LOOM to Binance will now incur a fee (charged in BNB). This feature will be activated
  by the `tg:v1.4` feature flag.

> - The Binance Gateway contract will now mint & burn coin when necessary. This feature will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Binance Gateway contract will now mint & burn coins when necessary. This feature will be
```

Author: I prefer the original wording

  activated by the `coin:v1.3` feature flag.
- Nodes now support a new `dpos_total_staked` RPC method that returns a simple JSON-RPC response
  containing the total amount staked via the DPOS contract.

> - Nodes will no longer write to `mempool.wal` by default, this can be re-enabled in `loom.yml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Nodes will no longer write to `mempool.wal` by default. This can be re-enabled in `loom.yml`:
```

  ```yaml
  MempoolWalEnabled: true
  ```

**Bug fixes:**

> - Fix broadcasting of EVM contract events to subscribers, previously if a contract method emitted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix broadcasting of EVM contract events to subscribers. Previously, if a contract method emitted
```

>   multiple events subscribers would only receive the first event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  multiple events, subscribers would only receive the first event.
```

> - Ensure `eth_getBlockByNumber` and `eth_getBlockByHash` return the same tx hashes regardless of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the`eth_getBlockByNumber` and `eth_getBlockByHash` methods return the same tx hashes regardless of
```

  whether or not the full parameter is true or not.

> - Ensure `eth_getLogs` returns tx hashes that are consistent with `eth_getBlockByNumber`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the`eth_getLogs`method returns tx hashes that are consistent with `eth_getBlockByNumber`.
```

Author: Original was better
